VMware vCenter Server on IBM Cloud is a hosted private cloud that delivers the VMware vSphere stack as a service. The VMware environment is built on top of a minimum of two IBM Cloud bare metal servers, shared file-level storage, and it includes the automatic deployment and configuration of an easy-to-manage logical edge firewall that is powered by VMware NSX. The entire environment can be provisioned in a matter of hours, and the elastic bare metal infrastructure can scale out the compute capacity rapidly when needed. IBM Cloud provides you full, native access to the entire VMware stack, including vSphere 6.5 Enterprise Plus edition, NSX for Service Providers edition, and the centralized platform for management, vCenter Server. You can move your workloads to and from the cloud without changing your apps, tooling, scripts, or investing in new skills. Platform instances and expansion nodes are priced per-month and they include access to IBM Support and all VMware components that comprise the service.
VMware Cloud Foundation on IBM Cloud brings together VMware vSphere, vSAN, and NSX into a natively-integrated stack of virtual compute, virtual storage, and virtual networking built on IBM Cloud compute infrastructure dedicated to you. The environment can be operated independently or as a seamless, hybrid extension of your on-premises data center.

Using advanced automation, the Cloud Foundation stack is deployed in a standard, prescriptive manner according to a VMware-validated design reference architecture. Each instance deployment includes native user interface access to the VMware products, VMware and IBM-provided lifecycle management capabilities to automate day 2 operational tasks, and an integrated backup service for the management plane.

You can deploy a base instance in one or more of the available IBM Cloud Data Centers worldwide. After the based instance is deployed, you can expand or retract virtualized workload capacity on demand using standard capacity nodes. You can link up to eight instances to create a multi-site configuration.

Platform instances and expansion nodes are priced per-month and include access to IBM Support and all VMware product licenses that comprise the service.
VMware vSphere on IBM Cloud provides you with maximum flexibility to build your own IBM-hosted environment using VMware-compatible hardware and the right set of VMware components that fit your business needs and expertise.

You can design your hosted VMware environment any way you want: from a single ESXi cluster to a robust software-defined data center (SDDC) architecture. The VMware vSphere offering helps you extend your on-premises VMware environment into IBM Cloud.

vSphere on IBM Cloud lets you start as small as a single ESXi server and scale the cluster by rapidly provisioning ESXi on single-tenant bare metal servers. Expand your on-premises data center capacity without sacrificing the enhanced security of dedicated infrastructure. vSphere on IBM Cloud also offers the latest in native VMware encryption options at the VM-level or at the vSAN datastore-level.

Access the IBM-hosted VMware environment with the same level of control and visibility that you have on-premises. With full administration permissions to the VMware stack, you have total control and can continue leveraging your investment in tools, scripts, and training to manage the off-premises environment.
NetApp® ONTAP® Select on IBM Cloud, a software-defined storage virtual appliance, extends existing data management capabilities by implementing NetApp ONTAP software as a service on the dedicated bare metal servers of IBM Cloud. You can provision storage resources with agility and flexibility while protecting your data by using advanced data management functions of NetApp, such as the fast and efficient NetApp Snapshot® copies, FlexClone® copies, and SnapMirror® replication. NetApp ONTAP Select accelerates application DevOps while reducing the complexity and overhead associated with physical storage systems.

NetApp ONTAP Select on IBM Cloud is offered in both high performance (all SSD) and high capacity (all SATA) configurations, which can meet the range of use cases you demand today. You can use the tools provided by NetApp ONTAP Select to address your hybrid cloud needs, such as addressing disaster recovery scenarios, providing file services, and managing rapid transactional data workloads.

NetApp ONTAP Select on IBM Cloud helps to improve productivity and efficiency, reduce IT overhead costs, and gain agility by offloading IT resources and management complexity from the cloud. The offering can accelerate hybrid cloud adoption by harnessing the NetApp integrated ONTAP capabilities with VMware running on IBM Cloud bare metal servers. The offering enables easier, security-rich, and near-seamless extension of existing workloads from on-premises data centers to IBM Cloud Data Centers worldwide.