Get local disk performance with SAN persistence and durability. Increase storage capacity available to your IBM Cloud Virtual Servers and Bare Metal Servers with a maximum of 48k IOPs. Deploy flash-backed block storage volumes from 20GB to 12TB–and customize it all with a variety of capabilities. Choose Endurance tiers for simple, predefined, per-GB pricing—ideal for workloads without well defined performance requirements. Or, build a fine-tuned environment with allocated IOPS with Performance options—ideal for well-understood workload requirements that fall outside of the available Endurance tiers.
Flexible Customization
Customize your storage capacity and number of IOPs based on your workload demands, then increase capacity and adjust IOPS on the fly without having to provision new storage.
Durability
Avoid data loss during maintenance or failures without creating system-level RAID arrays.
Snapshot and Replication
Create point in time copies of your data with our Snapshot feature, or copy data to another data center for Disaster Recovery readiness.
Encryption for data-at-rest
Protect your data with provider managed encryption at rest at no additional charge.
Volume Duplication
Quickly and easily create a new volume with a clone of your data from a snapshot.
Highly available with Concurrent Access
Establish redundant multipath I/O (MPIO) connections to guarantee availability during planned or unplanned events.
Global footprint
Block volumes provisioned alongside of your cloud servers on data centers around the world.
Flash-backed storage
Block storage provisioned with 2 IOPS/GB or higher is flash-backed for faster performance.
IBM® Block Storage for IBM Cloud is persistent, high-performance iSCSI storage that is provisioned and managed independently of compute instances. iSCSI-based Block Storage LUNs are connected to authorized devices through redundant multi-path I/O (MPIO) connections.

Block Storage brings best-in-class levels of durability and availability with an unmatched feature set. It is built by using industry standards and best practices. Block Storage is designed to protect the integrity of the data and maintain availability through maintenance events and unplanned failures, and provide a consistent performance baseline.
IBM Db2 Warehouse on Cloud is a fully-managed, enterprise-class, cloud data warehouse service. Powered by IBM BLU Acceleration, Db2 Warehouse on Cloud provides you with unmatched query performance. The service is offered in multiple form factors: SMP for cost-effective cloud data warehousing, and MPP for high-performance parallel query processing and high availability. Db2 Warehouse on Cloud also comes packed with a suite of Netezza-like in-database analytics tools and functions so you can run your analytics jobs wherever your data resides. Get the most out of your cloud data warehouse by combining it with IBM or third-party data visualization and ETL tools.
Fully managed, safe, and secure
Your Db2 Warehouse on Cloud instance is managed, monitored, encrypted and backed-up by IBM, so you can focus on gaining insights from your data instead of administering it.
Highly Available (HA) with MPP
Your data workloads, queries and dashboards will all continue to run, even during unexpected failure.
Compatible with Netezza and Oracle
Most of your Netezza and Oracle workloads will migrate seamlessly to Db2 Warehouse on Cloud. For the select few edge cases, we offer free tooling to help you make a smooth transition.
Related Db2 cloud products
Check out Db2 on Cloud, the enterprise-class, high-performance transactional data store.
Built for the hybrid cloud
Our unified architecture enables a range of hybrid use cases. Easily move data between your on-premises data stores and Db2 Warehouse on Cloud. Access data & run SQL queries across multiple heterogeneous data sources with IBM Fluid Query.
Security Compliances
The security compliances for Db2 managed offerings are different from that of IBM Cloud platform. Please refer to the docs for the list of security complianaces for Db2 Warehouse.
The IBM® Db2® Warehouse on Cloud managed service is an SQL database provisioned for you in the cloud. You can use the Db2 warehouse just as you would use any database software, but without the overhead and expense of hardware setup or software installation and maintenance.
Fast and flexible NFS-based file storage with capacity options from 20GB to 12TB.
Add fast and flexible NFS-based file storage to your IBM Cloud portfolio. Get total control and help minimize costs with flash-backed architecture. Create file shares from 20GB to 12TB—and provision it all with a variety of flexible and power-based options. Choose Endurance tiers for simple, predefined, per-GB pricing—ideal for workloads without well defined performance requirements. Or, build a fine-tuned environment with allocated IOPS with Performance options—ideal for well-understood workload requirements that fall outside of the available Endurance tiers.
Flexible Customization
Customize your storage capacity and number of IOPs based on your workload demands, then increase capacity and adjust IOPS on the fly without having to provision new storage.
Durability
Avoid data loss during maintenance or failures without creating system-level RAID arrays.
Snapshot and Replication
Create efficient point in time copies of your data with our Snapshot feature, or copy date to another data center for Disaster Recovery readiness.
Encryption for data-at-rest
Protect your data with provider managed encryption at rest at no additional charge.
Volume Duplication
Quickly and easily create a new, independent volume with a clone of your data from a snapshot.
Highly available connectivity
Shares are exposed to authorized devices over routed TCP/IP connections for resiliency.
Global footprint
File Storage provisioned alongside of your cloud servers on data centers around the world.
Flash-backed storage
File storage provisioned with 2 IOPS/GB or higher is flash-backed for faster performance.

IBM® File Storage for IBM Cloud is persistent, fast, and flexible network-attached, NFS-based File Storage. In this network-attached storage (NAS) environment, you have total control over your file shares function and performance. File Storage shares can be connected to up to 64 authorized devices over routed TCP/IP connections for resiliency.

File Storage brings best-in-class levels of durability and availability with an unmatched feature set. File Storage is built by using industry standards and best practices, and designed to protect the integrity of the data. File Storage maintains availability through maintenance events and unplanned failures, and provides a consistent performance baseline.
IBM Cloud Object Storage is a highly scalable cloud storage service, designed for high durability, resiliency and security. Store, manage and access your data via our self-service portal and RESTful APIs. Connect applications directly to Cloud Object Storage use other IBM Cloud Services with your data.
Storage for the IBM Cloud
IBM Cloud Object Storage provides unstructured data storage for cloud applications. Libraries and SDKs support a common set of S3 API functions for connecting new applications to scalable cloud storage and integrating your data into other services on the IBM Watson and Cloud Platform available with Regional and Cross Region resiliency options worldwide.
Built-in Aspera high-speed transfer
With IBM Cloud Object Storage Aspera high-speed data transfer, you can improve data transfer performance by quickly transferring data over long distances, and under various network conditions. It is natively integrated into Cloud Object Storage and there is no additional cost for uploading data.
Storage Classes and Archive Policy
Choose storage classes based on your usage patterns for active, less-active, and cold workloads with Standard, Vault, and Cold Vault respectively. Use Flex class for dynamic data access with usage patterns that are hard to predict. For rarely used data that requires long-term retention, simply set an Archive policy with our existing storage-class tiers allowing you to reduce costs even further with our lowest priced Archive storage.
Access and Key Management
IBM Identity and Access Management (IAM) policies allow for granular access control at the bucket level using role-based policies. Key Protect support allows customers to have their own managed encryption keys for higher level data security.

Information stored with IBM® Cloud Object Storage is encrypted and dispersed across multiple geographic locations, and accessed over HTTP using a REST API. This service makes use of the distributed storage technologies provided by the IBM Cloud Object Storage System (formerly Cleversafe).

IBM Cloud Object Storage is available with three types of resiliency: Cross Region, Regional, and Single Data Center. Cross Region provides higher durability and availability than using a single region at the cost of slightly higher latency, and is available today in the US, EU and AP. Regional service reverses those tradeoffs, and distributes objects across multiple availability zones within a single region, and is available in the US, EU and AP regions. If a given region or availability zone is unavailable, the object store continues to function without impediment. Single Data Center distributes objects across multiple machines within the same physical location. 
Powering Content and data for your application. Whether you are building a line of business app, content management software or need to display content beautifully on web and mobile, the Box API can help power the content and data layer of your application.

This third-party service does not have an IBM pricing plan. You can obtain it from the third party under the terms of use agreement. The third party might charge you for use of the service.
Box is a cloud-based service that allows users to securely store, access, share, and collaborate on files across devices. In addition to web, mobile, and desktop applications, Box offers administrative capabilities to help manage unstructured data across an entire organization.

Box also offers an open platform with APIs and SDKs, known as the Box Platform, that developers can use for a variety of purposes.







